# scikit-image Community Call

**Time:** Tuesday, July 12, 10:00 – 11:00am Pacific
**Present:** Alex, Lars, Marianne

## Topics

### SciPy '22 sprint

* July 16–17, 2022
* Alex thinks it should be virtual, on [Discord: Mentored Sprints](https://discord.gg/EvmCVQ3xTU)
    * Marianne is +1
    * Sat/Sun asynchronously; you're there, you're there. No pressure!
    * Structure is already there:
![](https://i.imgur.com/sgdMFad.png)
    * A bunch of us are there, too (Greg, Marianne, Juan at least)
    * If sprints can't be virtual, they can be... coincidental (rogue :wink:)
* Is the sprint already submitted on [scipy2022/sprints](https://www.scipy2022.scipy.org/sprints)?

- [x] Alex needs to check with Greg if he will be available on-site (AFAIK, only Greg is attending): Greg can sprint in-person on Saturday.
- [ ] Lars needs an invite to join the Discord server.

### New CZI application

* We (Juan) applied for the [CZI EOSSS cycle-5](https://info.chanzuckerberg.com/apply-now-essential-open-source-software-for-science-cycle-5) grant.
* Lars gave a summary of the content of our application.

### Roadmap update

* Marianne was away for three months, so she asked for an update on the project.
* Alex highlighted more distinct issue and pull request [labels](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/labels) on GitHub: icons may help with recognition.
* We discussed career paths (working in open-source, leaving academia, etc.).
* Alex and Lars confirmed that non-breaking API changes can go into 1.0., e.g., [#6425](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/issues/6425).
* Lars recommended checking out the [1.0 milestone](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/milestone/9).
* Also, after 1.0, we should modernize the HTML documentation, maybe using NumPy's or SciPy's theme.
